am I using all of my seats How Deeply am
I engaging across those seats those are
the metrics that matter the most for
whether you're going to be healthy a
renewal time or not yeah it's a good
Insight that the higher are just it it
was a generation of of of disguising
issues from product to sales all AC all
up and down the stack right 100% And you
would pat yourself on the back You' go
like yeah we're Geniuses we're the best
customer success
deployment I'm glad I made all those
investments in customer success because
look at this net renewal rate net
retention rate up this small question
but curious this to to go in and say
listen I'm GNA I'm going to I'm going to
have zoom info for Bob but not Elena and
Jim but not Jane to save money that does
take energy yeah it takes a lot of
energy like and and you could do it once
because there's a crisis or my boss
yells at me but you can't do this every
month has this got to end in a way
there's only so much time with software
management yeah look I think this is the
the the worst emotion for software sales
is
uncertainty and we are we we have been
in this very uncertain time and I think
that what we're coming you know what we
should be coming out of yeah in 24 is
that uncertainty now I know where my
operating levels are I know how to
operate in this environment a lot of
companies have shifted around their
executive teams brought in new people
these people know how to operate in the
environment that they are in and so
there shouldn't be another handbreak
moment yeah we should be op
understanding where we're operating and
how to operate under this construct good
all right before we run out of time I
want to make enough time for what's new
what's new at Zoom info
and but the first part just tell me
because we're all Cur everyone that's in
B2B is curious what's real and what
isn't in AI what's demo Weare what's
moving the needle what are you hearing
from your and what do your customers
want that may be real or fake or not
right there in general and across your
portfolio what's real yeah so I think
what's real first I think there's a lot
of stuff that's real but maybe not that
valuable and then there's stuff that's
just real so I'll talk about the real
things in our business we see
prioritization and personalization are
real okay so when you come into Zoom
info today if I want to personalize that
experience for you I want to show you
the right accounts I want to show you
you know which what technologies that a
company's using matter to you what inent
topics are important what scoop topics
are important I got to ask you a whole
Litany of questions right and I have to
ask you them by product because maybe
your company has three product SKS and
the buyer for one is different than the
buyer for the other the scoop that
you're looking for is different for one
product versus the other product it's
like this nightmare from an
administrative per perspective what size
companies where are they you know how
big are they what technologies do they
use who's in your buying committee it's
imposs possible to really get someone to
sit down for an hour and onboard with
you to ask all of these questions and
then get to like a really solid result
that allows me to personalize the
interface for you yes AI does this
incredibly well and can be tuned so that
whenever user comes into the platform I
have
preconfigured the platform exactly to
which companies which people what Scoops
what intent what signal is important to
you I can just deliver that to you and
then I can also deliver for you
contextually what your Communications to
those companies should be based on your
website all that understanding that I
have about you your case studies all
that information should allow me to
craft in any circumstance a really
contextual communication for you the
second is
prioritization and today
triangulation is how people prioritize
who they're going to reach out to they
go okay here's my list of accounts in
those accounts what's happening in them
are any of them on my website have any
of them hired a new CTO have any of them
had a good quarter have any of them
posted a job for blah blah blah blah
blah